as long as your heart beats everything is fine
I have to do I peters is proud of
what I do
please leave a few lines free for me
no one who hears me when I am
after a scream you still know how
laid out as well as a king please i say
you are silent but I will become me
All of us feel forgotten again
instead of 1 round we need a uni
to feel better let me off
This fucking cheesy says old time
do not look at endless just
what had I on the
tour the numbers will be apart from
times where I was away it can continue
I guarantee that my boys will go
me today very old time means life
played ok on the way from today means
you stay healthy you come with one
batzen 500 and you with a colorful here
Let me fly like an eagle
shit no matter where i just want to get away from
this parasite is from below
the tip of the throne of this
chair on which I sit give me one
wish leave me like an eagle
fly fucking no matter where i just want to go
away from these parasites it goes from
down to the top on the throne of
this chair I'm sitting on
Not everyone likes bensberg
gangster friends lists he ask me
me what your bands will be like each of you
Whenever I drive you they defy you
look very arrogant I am
shocked and leaves
i sat in the school like today
class clown the teacher meant rest
funny mine offers a breath here
vases time of my life are a place ob
you could understand this is how it works
much more drunk than the crass ones
think back when it's still cool because am
the field to be climbed up and stay
grabbed on the loose as the sense
of life hide or hockey too
play
Let's turn this time we will
Let me do that before that
get up and see that gabriel it
You can never pack dreams
I therefore wish to give up plate
that I let my dream live
Let me fly like an eagle
shit no matter where i just want to get away from
this parasite is from below
the tip of the throne of this
chair on which I sit give me one
wish leave me once
so fucking shit wherever I want
just away from these parasites it's off
down to the top on the throne of
this chair on which I sit falls to me
a wish